ors down that gave us the platform:
thank you russel for these kind insightful words, i appreciate your mentorship.
lou reed interview in sydney 1974.
bound 2 video @
yeezus tour officially back on the road
instagram? i do not have an instagram
thank you maison martin @margiela and @renzorosso it was one of the greatest experiences to work with the maison!!!
@kimkardashian: #nofilter heading home now
so proud of my baby @kimkardashian
my name is my name. pre-order on itunes now.
yeezus tour with kendrick on sale now.
karl shooting my 2 girls @carineroitfeld @riccardotisci @karllagerfeld
tour
i loved working on this new john legend album, love in thefuture, out now. @johnlegend
big sean. hall of fame. in-store today.
blood on the leaves
new big sean video - creative direction by matt williams from donda
please don't diminish the user experience by just posting it as a normal video please link them to my site
if you put a link to my site people will be able to chop & screw the video. this is a step towards the possibilities of internet based video
attention all sites just posting merely the video version of blkkk skkkn head..
blkkk skkkn head
blkkk skkkn head info
i open the debate the 2nd verse of new slaves is the best rap verse of all time.meaning of all time in the history of rap music, period
and to who ever leaked the video fuk you!
allow me and nick to give the world what we've been losing sleep over.
so any website that may have the unapproved / unfinished ruff. i ask you to please take it down.
the final version will be ready within the next week.
me and nick knight have been working on this video for 5 months and for creatives it's heartbreaking when something like this happens.
the blkkk skkkn hd video that leaked yesterday was not the official version.
thank you jean touitou for letting me create with you
this is not another robot movie.  guillermo del toro is a master.
i saw a pre-screening of pacific rim yesterday and it's easily one of my favorite movies of all time.
one of the other gifts my girl gave me for fathers day
enter for a chance to win a pair of the red nike air yeezy 2
yeezus album now available at
new music at new projection locations @
blk skn head 2
blk skn head
new song and visual from my new album being projected tonight across the globe on 66 buildings, locations @
new song with my brothers french montana and nas
my heart
loving this mood for season 4
feels good to be home
drake would come by and just help, no strings. future also came by to write. we all got new shit together that's gonna drop soon.
i wanna thank my brother drizzy for helping me on 30 hours & father stretch my hands.
season 4 begins. premire vision
my number one enemy has been my ego there is only one throne and thats god's
in rap we have been developing a brotherhood
there is so much positive energy right now  lets stay on this ultra light beam
a wise man should be humble enough to admit when hes wrong and change his mind based on new information
some rappers got the club some got the radio some got the consciencesome got the streets everybody has something they do the best
every rapper is somebodys favorite
that statement hast been sitting well with me thats a dated mentality  ... im not on that
man, i was thinking about when i commented on the idea of taking the rap throne
just creating in a fun simple way with no politics
imagine if the people i named went to high school 2gthr and had a project to do for school
all with one purpose of creating beautiful product that can be attainable by everyone
a dream of mine would be to do a project where i work side by side with raf simmons, helmut lang, vanessa beecroft and martin margiela
stream the life of pablo on
hey nicolas ghesquiere i grew up on tron too lets be best friends!!!
id rather teachers got paid more and books cost less #2020
we have to lower the price of textbooks
education puts americans into debt before they even get a chance to get started
steve jobs wanted to lower the cost of textbooks
shes giving everything she has to make sure her son has a better future
i mean, his mom has to work 2 days just to afford 1 book for her son
her son just got in a really good school and his textbooks are like $400 dollars each
i have a friend who works really hard and makes $370 dollars a day
all positive energy
so many people were inspired and thats all i wanted
msg was amazing
you let me dream without limits.
they provided resources for me to create they supported me  i thank you so so much
adidas has really made all the difference
thank you adidas for supporting my creative vision
pablo is full of joy and love because i was able to create.
i hope these words and this moment of truth can serve as some extra motivation to you
for anybody listening to pablo now, working on a dream
so people laughed when i said i wanted to be able to take care of my family
but if you dont have your paper right, there's a chance that your family can be broken up
when sway was telling me what to do, i was in debt, and had a child
when charlemagne was calling me donkey of the day i was in debt
i can see the clouds separating
im an artist the definition of art - or at least my definition - is to be able to see the truth and then express it...
i dont have to be cool
perhaps a fashion group will cover the 53 that ive invested over the past 13 years
perhaps adidas will do some big lebron style deal or
my dreams brought me into debt and im close to seeing the light of day
this country was built off of dreamers  never give up on your dreams, bro
you can point fingers and laugh, but for all entrepreneurs with families ...
i wanted the world to know my struggle
money doesnt make me who i am
you cant control me or use the debt against me no more
for the past 3 years people who knew about the debt tried to use it against me in negotiations
only problem i got with good fridays is i got more songs than i got old pictures!!!! lol!!!!
also all good fridays songs will be on tidal. me and kendrick got 40 songs and me and young thug got 40 songs. 40/40 club!!!
please to all my friends fans and music lovers. sign up to tidal now.
my album will never never never be on apple. and it will never be for sale... you can only get it on tidal.
this was made with love. only god can judge me. so i only expect love back!!!
shut the fuck up and enjoy the greatness.
aight then
don't tell me lebron had a bad game. what yo jump shot look like???
the system is designed for colored people to fail and one of our only voices is music. one of our only ways out is music.
i love love love white people but you don't understand what it means to be the great grandson of ex slaves and make it this far.
to pitchfork, rolling stone, new york times, and any other white publication. please do not comment on black music anymore.
puff daddy is the most important cultural figure in my life. his influence means everything to me.
pitchfork, the album is a 30 out of 10
people wanted me to tweet again well here's some tweets!!!
and a balance art family perception friends family politics and the fucking manipulators
no matter what level you're at in life there is still a struggle
but if the self proclaimed cockiest person in the world can lay his personal business on the line then please people see my heart.
this is a god dream
i know i confuse you guys sometimes but please bare with me.
i am ultra light beaming right now. so many people have called or emailed to help today hedge fund guys billionaires etc...
i am of service to the world with my art and i just want to serve more.
and i think the idea of being a celebrity a lot of times blocks the understanding of what my purpose is.
there are people who support artist and philanthropist
i could not have done the msg without adidas but world, what i'm telling you is that was just a small sketch for what i will bring you.
also for anyone that has money they know the first rule is to use other people's money.
if i spent my money on my ideas i could not afford to take care of my family. i am in a place that so many artist end up.
but i need access to more money in order to bring more beautiful ideas to the world.
yes i am personally rich and i can buy furs and houses for my family
i want to help the world and i need help to do it. i am an artist and i care about humanity.
i just feel rich people are always too cool to ask for help trying to impress each other at dinner parties.
...on another note, can brah be the girl verson of bruh???
and yes there are misspellings on this chart thats how you know its me...
all you guys had meetings with me and no one lifted a finger to help.
i promise im going to make the world dope. all i do is make shit dope #facts
if you want to help help me
youd rather open up one school in africa like you really helped the country
all you dudes in san fran play rap music in your homes  but never help the real artists
hey larry page im down for your help too
here is my donda chart that i wrote 4 years ago that everyone laughed at
i know i can make the world a better place i have done the impossible i retook the throne of rap i beat the fashion game
and i will always respect you for that and the world will love you
one of the coolest things you could ever do is to help me in my time of need
mark, i am publicly asking you for help
i dont have enough resources to create what i really can
im this generation's disney i want to bring dope shit to the world
world, please tweet, facetime, facebook, instagram, whatever you gotta do to get mark to support me
you love hip hop, you love my art i am your favorite artist but you watch me barely breathe and still play my album in your house
mark zuckerberg i know its your bday but can you please call me by 2mrw
i put lowlights on my album just thinking about all the moms driving they kids to school then going to work
bars are worth more than money because it's something the people can use everyday to feel inspired.
i know y'all tired of music controlled by money and perception. i'm proud of every dime of debt i got.
all y'all so worried about being likable but only a few are concerned about being great!!!
i am the jordan and steph curry of music, meaning i'm the best of 2 generations.
i made dark fantasy and watch the throne in one year and wasn't nominated for either ... i will have over 100 grammys before i die.
i made dark fantasy and watch the throne in one year and wasn't nominated for either ...
i'm practicing my grammy speech. i'm not going to the grammys unless they promise me the album of the year!!!
tidal is also funding a lot of my scripted content ideas. it's a new day people. more ultra light dreams to be realized.
man thank you so so so much everyone for signing up to tidal. tidal is now the number one app in the world!!!
please for all music lovers. please subscribe to tidal!!! i decided not to sell my album for another week. please subscribe to tidal.
ima fix wolves
after realizing he is the greatest living artist and greatest artist of all time.
mark zuckerberg invest 1 billion dollars into kanye west ideas
they are calling me to the snl stage now ... speak soon...
this is all all is fun all in good feelings... we will all be gone 100 years from now but what did we do to help while we were here!!!
i write this to you my brothers while still 53 million dollars in personal debt... please pray we overcome... this is my true heart...
let's dance in the streets. i am consumed by my purpose to help the world.
all memes are wrong... the life of paul... the life of pablo... ultralight beams... moms dads daughters sons stand up...
please forgive the profanity and give hugs and blessings to my brother kirk for standing by me... in a few hours the journey begins...
he was saved from persecution due to his roman citizenship... i have the right to speak my voice...
he was a learned man not of the original sect so he was able to take the message to the rest of the world...
paul ... the most powerful messenger of the first century... now we stand here 20 centuries later... because he was a traveler...
.... awwwwww...
bosses
thank you my brother ricardo
had to all caps this!!!!!! no more rules. make your own rules  ok now back to finishing pablo
im so hype right now  everything has changed  have yall ever seen tron? the end of the tron where everything light up!!!!
haaaaaaaaaaaaaa fuck all the haters  put your miutherfucking fist in the sky right now!!!!!!!!!!!!
and was there in full support to see me realize this dream
and im proud of this picture with me and caitlyn she gave the most heart felt speech at my wedding
ive given everything i had for this moment a lot of people feel its the paradigm shift
fashion aint no joke for me its a way of life creative expression and industry
so many people didnt make it and gave everything they had for me to stand on their shoulders and break through fashion
your site is entertaining and hilarious but certain things are just too far you have no idea what ive had to go through
im a human being im an artist, bro
you probably got bootleg yeezys on right now
but media takeout couldnt say one thing positive knowing damn well youd love to be on the yeezy 350 list
people were crying people were throwing up the fist people were dancing
i had an album listening and clothing presentation and madison square garden
respect the struggle respect the hustle respect the dreams respect the movement
you seem like the type of organization hired to always keep dreamers down when certain things in history happen you just got to respect it
now - media takeout - always remember that you dissed the collection that changed the world.
its chance's fault the album not out yet he really wanted waves on that bitch we in the lab now...
there would be no msg without @iamdiddy my og. he fought this war 15 years ago. respect og.
you have supported me since the beginning and i'm so happy to call you my friend!!!
the boss: thank so much anna for coming to my show!!!
the album is being mastered and will be out today added on a couple of tracks
now that the album is finally finished its back to good fridays.
i want to be the creative director of hermes
not just the famous people there  but the kids  the moms the dads the families that came to share this moment with us
9th  it felt like a seen from the warriors   all gods  all gods all gods in the buildin
but you can see at madison square garden that you can stop us
8th  they want to control us with money and perception and mute the culture
7th i miss that feeling so thats what i want to help restore
thats why music is so fucking watered down right now  i miss that dmx feeling
6th stop trying to demonize real artist   stop trying to compromise art
i cant be mad at kanye because he made me famous! #facts
she was having dinner with one of our friends whos name i will keep out of this and she told him
5th thing im not even gone take credit for the idea its actually something taylor came up with
4th bitch is an endearing term in hip hop like the word nigga
3rd thing  i called taylor and had a hour long convo with her about the line and she thought it was funny and gave her blessings
2nd thing  i asked my wife for her blessings and she was cool with it
first thing is im an artist and as an artist i will express how i feel with no censorship
i did not diss taylor swift and ive never dissed her
photos by lukas wassmann another cover
replay season 3 on tidal
cover by peter de potter
family
father stretch my hands.... i cried writing this.i love my dad
were releasing more tickets for todays show at madison square garden
zine party with jackie nickerson virgil abloh heron preston #goodjobwillo
final track list for the life of pablo
yeezy season 3. 2/11 4pm et. @thegarden. livestream for all on tidal.
please no one text me or ask me for anything till monday.
seating
seating
season 3 invite
in the booth
wow this is pretty cool ... good job nike team... lebron is my brother
bill cosby innocent !!!!!!!!!!
i'm sorry michael jordan  i love and respect you. my beef was with mark parker. i respect you so much!
now they know
puma we gone give you your measly million dollars back!!! never try to divide the family!!!
1000% there will never be a kylie puma anything. that's on my family! 1000% kylie is on yeezy team!!!
material for merch stand #goodjobwillo
love love love love love my baby girl #lovemyfamily
2017?
season 4 im only working on kids clothing...full time
that's the new album anybody who can figure out the title gets tickets to season 3 and free yeezys
@studio /final verses /new album titlet.l.o.p.
location scouting for zine party february 10th with @ jackie nickerson   #goodjobwillow
@ fitting
@ fitting /shot by @asvpxrocky
@ fitting / wifeylook
@ fitting @brainalaviena
@ fitting /@asaprocky
@ fitting / gloves
@fitting /knit
@fitting. shearling fur side is too light. need deeper color
@ fitting /waterproof 1050s
@ fitting / 1050s
@fitting/merch stands
i have to call @floydmayweather and @leodicaprio, i spoke to @miketyson yesterday
@ fitting / wife outfit
@ fitting / knit
season 2 zine pronounced zeenshort for magazine.a lot of people pronounce it wrong.
@ fitting
tweet:
@ fitting
season 3
caught 10,000 retweets in half a second #facts
there may be a new secret album title
also thank you @fucktyler for the beat
thank you guys kimoji is number 1 on the app store
i held a few seats for stage design that may open up depending on vanessas final layout.
thank you so much guys we sold madison square garden out in 10 minutes!!!
madison square garden album listening / yeezy season 3 presentation
performance by vanessa beecroft
on february 11th these dreams come true
it was always a dream to show my collection at madison square garden
it was always a dream to have a listening party at madison square garden
aye billboard you could use the term unauthorized but never refer to anything that me and tyler do as fake out of respect to musicians
@billboard its not a fake cover you seen it didnt you you know we shot it didnt you
should this be a rolling stone cover? yes or no
i bet you this still becomes the cover though... let's do another poll..... 
#trollingstone
rolling stone shot by tyler the creator
so many musicians touch my life and made me who i am  i want to make something great to honor my idols
this new album is one of the greatest albums not the greatest just one of
out of respect for q-tip, puff, hov, lauren, pharcyde, mary, stevie, michael, hendrix, james, pete rock, pac, marvin.
me and wiz spoke yesterday. great convo. all positive.
season 3 / waves / madison square garden / international cinemas
congratulations to my brother virgil abloh on the new born
gods dream  never speak on kids again  all love all blessings
im not into that kind of shit i like pictures and videos   me and my wife got the kind of love that can turn exes into best friends
exes can be mad but just know  i never let them play with my ass  i dont do that i stay away from that area all together
im happy that i now know that kk means weed please excuse the confusion  now back to #waves
man its a sad a day wiz lost 2 million followers since i tweeted   i didnt mean to either him like that.
in the lab with ian connor by the way
the devil cant stop us
ima take these down cause its all about positive energy  blessings blessings  positive energy blessings
good energy positive energy
this album is actually a gospel album
i love the world bottom line and all i want is peace and positive energy
whats sad is i love wiz and i love all all my brothers and all people
#waves
#wifey #season3
honor puff honor 50 honor q tip honor jay
i got this record niggas can't even play before 2 am.
all respect to andre harrel and max b #waves
#waves the album formally known as swish
#waves
new album title, waves
this is not album of the year. this is album of the life.
good fridays
so happy to be finished with the best album of all time
uncle larry is with us in the lab
#unclelarry
we just wanna thank madlib for these 6 beat cds he sent over
#scary
squad
squad
had to do it
the monster
i told my wife... #whichonelookbetter #allmattedout #newgrillcomingsoonallchrome #blessed
a message from yasiin bey
it's up
no more parties in la .........................very very extremely soon family
i pray for his friends and family.
david bowie was one of my most important inspirations, so fearless, so creative, he gave us magic for a lifetime.
i have no interest in working with anyone who is too important or too good or too traditional to take a call at 3am
my idol.
swish february 11 16
no more parties in la featuring kendrick lamar intro produced by me/track by madlib
real friends produced by me/sample by frank dukes and boi 1da/drum programming by havo
i hope you have a nice weekend.
new version is up. please please erase the old one i wasnt satisfied with the sound quality.
it will be back up shortly. when its back up all rippers please rip the new one instead.
un momento, there was a slight distortion in the main loop within real friends.
thank you gq and to everyone who voted, its been an amazing year!!!
praying for my brother king louie and his family.
im so proud of my wife! this kimoji idea is so dope...
r.i.p. dj timbuck2.  he was an amazing person and talent.  my prayers go out to his family.
no offense to anyone im asking everyone  dont ask me for anything till after im finished with my album
im finishing my album and my next collection
pusha t king push - darkest before dawn: the prelude preorder
kid cudi speedin' bullet 2 heaven
pusha t untouchable, produced by timbaland.
with my brothers trav, yasiin and nabil
robert zemeckis is a truly inventive filmmaker and captivating storyteller. he is one of my favorite directors of all time.
i just saw the walk and it was truly inspiring! the walk is a modern elegant masterpiece.
if a game is made for a 2 year old, just allow them to have fun and give the parents a break for christ sake.
that makes no sense!!! we give the ipad to our child and every 5 minutes there's a new purchase!!!
fuck any game company that puts in-app purchases on kids games!!!
color
please: do everything you possibly can in one lifetime.
maximum expression while i have air in my lungs.
richmond heights oh
san diego ca
san jose ca
seattle wa
sterling heights mi
sydney australia
washington dc
mays landing nj
melbourne australia
miami beach fl
minneapolis mn
new york ny
orlando fl
paris france
philadelphia pa
phoenix az
emeryville ca
framingham ma
frankfurt germany
hanover md
houston tx
las vegas nv
london uk
los angeles ca
manchester ct
manchester england
atlanta ga
belfast ireland
berlin germany
birmingham uk
cary nc
chicago il
copenhagen denmark
dallas tx
denver co
dublin ireland
season 2 will be live streamed to theaters in the following cities
season 2
the weeknd is one of my favorite artists and i was really excited to get to work with him on this song.
rodeo
my good friend ellen @theellenshow just launched her clothing line,
my prayers go to ingrid sischys family i will forever appreciate her sincerity she was a super nice person.
baptism
dreams are worth more than money
skateboard p is the god.
beautiful song, incredibly shot.
.@tyga the gold album #dondadesign
3500
kim, im so happy to be married to the girl of my dreams i love you and nori so much!!! i would find you in any lifetime.
we promise to win.
thank you saic this is my greatest honor to date and would have been my mother - dr. wests - proudest moment.
i might change it again but thats the name now
im changing my album name to swish
the love of music is louder than words.
new paper mag
excited, humbled and motivated for the future.
new tyler
vic mensa - u mad featuring me
i want to steer clear of opportunities and focus on dreams.
akira and there will be blood are equally my 2 favorite movies of all time.
even people who wanna go to heaven dont wanna die to get there.
i really like this vid...
i really like this vid...
codes
summer league!!! me ty $ and wale
season zine print edition available for free at the following locations
kendrick is an inspiration. thank you for the vibrations and the spirit. your meaning, message and execution are gifts to the world.
i decided to make it the first official video featuring theophilus allan kingdom and paul mccartney
i felt the brits performance captured the energy of the record
finally back in the studio starting my day by listening to kendricks new album!!! thank you for the music and messaging!!!
swish!!!!!!
swish!!!
swish!!!
swish!!!!
im so lucky
congrats baby on the show premiere last night
congrats baby on 30 million twitter followers
im so lucky
#yeezyboostlaunch
yeezy season one - photographs by jackie nickerson
rt @livenationuk: tonight: @kanyewest to play one off show @kokolondon. over 18s only, doors 11pm, strictly 2 tickets per person
cyhi the prynce freestyle on westwood
all day (feat. theophilus london, allan kingdom & paul mccartney)
you are a legend, a great friend, and respectfully even though you white one of the realest niggas alive
there would be no fix, no watch the throne, no college dropout, no gold digger without you bro!!!!
happy bday to my brother mike dean, mike youre one of the greatest living musicians if not the greatest
so help me god
new album title...
yo so proud of my family big sean for his first number 1 album!!!!  #goodmusic!!!!
i also would love for bruno to sing this hook on this song 88 keys / puff and i produced  i even asked tyler to shoot the vid.
i also want to publicly apologize to bruno mars, i used to hate on him but i really respect what he does as an artist.
i would like to publicly apologize to beck, im sorry beck.
congrats to my family chris brown and tyga on their new release
really proud of my brother and his new album.
good luck to my family common and john legend on their oscar nomination!!!!!  so proud of you guys!!!!
blessings on blessings on blessings!!!
seems like just yesterday we were interning at fendi - now youre nominated for the lvmh young designer prize.
i am so proud of my family virgil abloh.
if you wanna have a drink with me, book a table at the spotted pig when im back in ny.
we want to innovate and we will win someday.
all we have are our dreams, and you can step on our dreams and ideas all you want, but we wont stop fighting.
fame is often looked down upon in the design world, so its actually been something i had to overcome.
because i was too famous by the time i realized i wanted to design.
i dont call myself a designer as i was not allowed to go to saint martins
i have millions of ideas and i represent a new generation just trying to express themselves in a broken world.
and i have encountered countless amounts of bigotry along the way.
to fern mallis: i just want you to understand that attempting to do clothing has been very difficult
@cyhitheprynce #naacp #bhp2
let's go!!!
please read
access granted. reserve now. #yeezyboost
backstage 00:00:00:03:28:30:13
camera angles 00:00:00:05:56:33:30
#yeezyboost access:
details 00:00:00:20:53:39:14
hair and makeup 00:00:00:21:20:07:84
yeezy season 1 live stream 2.12.15 4p est. tickets for 50 theaters worldwide
good sessions
blessings sean, drake, me. dark sky paradise 2.24.15
only one directed by spike jonze, concept by vanessa beecroft
only one directed by spike jonze
only one ft. paul mccartney  photo @inezandvinoodh
600,000 people rallied for justice on dec. 13th #blacklivesmatter
pusha t lunch money #donda #goodmusic
#allday
vibes! out today.
vii #realrnb #teyanataylor
i know its last minute, but if you havent voted, please vote today
the midterms are extremely important
i'm supporting the democratic ticket in these midterms
me and my wife met with president obama two weeks ago
sometimes i feel like just saying i love you isnt strong enough to express how much i love you
happy birthday baby! thank you for being the dopest wife & mom!
not smiling makes me smile
hedi at saint laurent, nicolas at vuitton and now john at margiela.
it is very exciting to see what powerful creatives do at different houses...
john galliano is the new creative director of margiela, i heard this rumor when i was in paris and just received confirmation this morning!
@bigsean
yeezus tour pop-up shop melbourne, australia 336 chapel street
rt @unclerush: police sensitivity training ,diversity initiatives, body cameras for police   and a fucking arrest. would be a good start
thank you robin for all of the joy you brought the world
a.p.c. kanye
one of my favorite artists lana del reys new album.
#allinornothing
hi mom
my friend lisa robinson just released her book, there goes gravity. pretty legendary photos in it!!!
i love my family
dreams come true
#trill thank you @voguemagazine
check out @stevestoute classic tanning of america marathon starting at 7pm on vh1 #hiphopchangedus
i'm performing tonight on @latenightseth
the doors may be heavier, but i promise you we will break them.
ten years later i am still the same kid from chicago, still dreaming out loud, still banging on the door.
i wake up every day trying to give something back to you that you can rock to and be proud of.
i am honored and humbled by my fans, for the unwavering support and love over the past ten years.
gave of their heart to that project, and to all the projects that followed, and are to come.
i am extremely grateful to each and every person along that road who helped, lent an ear, lent their voice,
to not only convince my peers and the public that i could be an artist, but to actually get that art out for the world to hear.
i say finally because it was a long road, a constant struggle, and a true labor of love
ten years ago today we finally released what had been my life's work up to that point: the college dropout.
a.p.c.
yeezus tour on sale now
yeezus tour pre-sale now
off-white virgil abloh
thank you, mandela, for your life's work and may it serve as a guiding light to illuminate our future.
at a young age my mother taught me the importance of his work. mandela sacrificed his life for the betterment of mankind.
i'd like to address the false stories and noise that have been engineered by the media.
despite recent media reports, i've never said anything to dishonor or trivialize the life or transition of one of the most inspiring leaders
respect to mandela, his family and his legacy.
yeezus tour merch available black friday
you inspire us all to be greater and have broken the original do
I hate half-empty water bottles so I copped these #goblets to drink out of
Dating models I had to learn to like small dogs and cigarettes. 
Classical music is tight yo 
I specifically ordered persian rugs with cherub imagery!!! What do I have to do to get a simple persian rug with cherub imagery uuuuugh. 
This J.Press tie is the greatest tie of all tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiime!!!!!!!!! Kool Aid smile!!!! Its the small things that mean so much. 
No seriously  I said my teeth are real diamonds  these are not fronts  I replaced my bottom row of teeth with diamonds. 
Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on. 
I got the best leather pants collection since the 80s  If I must. 
Me and Mos def had a push up contest at Nobu last night  Suits on  I did keep on my shoes though lol! Super deep convo followed of course.
French fries are the Devil 
I hate when people email you and ask You wanna know something? of course but why are u torturing me by spreading this to more than 1 email
12:53 A.M., Aug. 26
Whats the point of being a rock star if you dont get tattoos?
Just looking at my closet, wool suits, fedoras, trenches and furs  Im bout to put fall in the hospital  Ima hurt the season 
I want to edit the film on a boat  where are the good editing boats? 
You basically can say anything to someone on an email or text as long as you put LOL at the end. 
Man  ninjas are kind of cool  I just dont know any personally. 
At the crib I use really nice napkins instead of paper towels  got the idea from the YSL bathroom waaaaay nicer 
Yo being nice is my whole shit now 
It was always sucky when my parents chaperoned me on field trips  until I was the only kid with Mcdonalds and a museum toy. 
Mosquitos suck
I hate when Im on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle. 
Is it super lonely and miserable to buy yourself a Cartier love bracelet  well I guess I do love my self lol!!! 
I meant to capitalize Christ  fuuuuuuck Im going to hell now  lol!!! 
So Nirvana can have a naked human being on they cover but I cant have a PAINTING of a monster with no arms and a polka dot tail and wings. 
In response to the reaction of my album cover  Im deeply sorry if I havent offended everybody.
I have decided to become the best rapper of all time! I put it on my things to do in this lifetime list!
JUST GOT TO LONDON!!! YOU KNOW I HAD TO PUT MY CAPS LOCK ON! I DONT TYPE IN CAPS CAUSE IM MAD I TYPE IN CAPS CAUSE IM LAZY!!! 
Im so excited about my film airing tonight in its entirety across 3 stations!!! MTV, BET and MT2!!!!!!! Thats some MJ shit for real!!!!! 
Yall saw the VMAs and SNL  I got more ideas. Im really getting into the concept of Neo-Pop-Performance art! 
I want to bring the Runaway film to Broadway! I can see it. I can feel it. Sometimes I cant sleep cause my thoughts are racing!!! 
I love commercial art!!! I know that sounds like an oxy moron and if I spelled that wrong I just sound like a moron lol!!! 
Whats better for devil worshipping Iphone or the Droid  Does lucifer return text  is he or she on Skype? Dont wanna be sexist. 
I always misspell genius SMH! The irony! 
Just saw Social Network and 2 valuable business rules  No drunk blogging and  Never do coke with an intern  they may not be 21 LOL. 
Listening to Waka in the car  make me wanna bless a club with my presence. #Mypresenceisapresentkissmyass best hash tag ever!! 
Sometimes if I aint have the term so bugged out I wouldnt have a way to describe the type of shit that be going down. 
Even when Im super tired I dont wanna let yall down  my fans are my family  FANMILY!
I dont mess with Matt Lauer or the Today Show  and thats a very nice way for me to put it!  I feel very alone very used very tortured very forced very misunderstood very hollow very very misused  I dont trust anyone but myself! Everyone has an agenda. I dont do press anymore. I cant be everything to everybody anymore  Everything sounds like noise!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EVERYTHING SOUNDS LIKE NOISE!!!!!!! I dont trust anyone! Very judged very scrutinized very criticized! I want everyone to know I have lows all the time but I make it through them! 
I think what Kanye West is going to mean is something similar to what Steve Jobs means. I am undoubtedly, you know, Steve of Internet, downtown, fashion, culture. Period. By a long jump. I honestly feel that because Steve has passed, you know, it's like when Biggie passed and Jay Z was allowed to become Jay Z.
People ask me a lot about my drive. I think it comes from, like, having a sexual addiction at a really young age. Look at the drive that people have to get sex  to dress like this and get a haircut and be in the club in the freezing cold at 3 A.M., the places they go to pick up a girl. If you can focus the energy into something valuable, put that into work ethic...
Humbly, I would say Im the most influential person in footwear right now Ill say, truthfully.
You mean to tell me that this girl with this fing body and this face is also into style, and she's a nice person, and she has her own money and is family-oriented? That's just as cool as a fing fighter jet or dinosaur! And just as rarely seen. (On his wife, Kim Kardashian.)
As a man I am flawed, but my music is perfect.
Bad taste is vulgar. The world as a whole is fg ugly. And the Internet too, but Im not in the construction business.
My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
For me to say I wasnt a genius, I would just be lying to you and to myself.
I dont want to say these really big, over-the-top statements that end up getting quoted.
I am Warhol! I am the number one most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh. Walt Disney, Nike, Google.
You know, Im a creative genius and theres no other way to word it.
When I think of competition it's like I try to create against the past. I think about Michelangelo and Picasso, you know, the pyramids.
50 is Eminems favourite rapper. Im my favourite rapper.
I am the number one human being in music. That means any person thats living or breathing is number two.
Im going down as a legend, whether or not you like me or not. I am the new Jim Morrison. I am the new Kurt Cobain.
I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever.
I am so credible and so influential and so relevant that I will change things.
Sometimes people write novels and they just be so wordy and so self-absorbed. I am not a fan of books. I would never want a book's autograph. I am a proud non-reader of books.
There's no fangs. I don't have fangs. I'm a porcupine. I'm a blowfish. Like, I'm a  what's the fish that blows up? I'm a blowfish. I'm not a shark, I'm a blowfish.
The media crucify me like they did Christ.
One of my biggest Achilles heels has been my ego. And if I, Kanye West, can remove my ego, I think theres hope for everyone.
You should only believe about 90% of what I say. As a matter of fact, dont even believe anything that Im saying at all. I could be completely fg with you, and the world, the entire time.
You may be talented, but youre not Kanye West.
Im the closest that hip-hop is getting to God. In some situations Im like a ghetto Pope.
Im the No. 1 living and breathing rock star.
Im like a vessel, and God has chosen me to be the voice and the connector, 
ors down that gave us the platform:
thank you russel for these kind insightful words, i appreciate your mentorship.
lou reed interview in sydney 1974.
bound 2 video @
yeezus tour officially back on the road
i do not have an instagram
thank you maison martin @margiela and @renzorosso it was one of the greatest experiences to work with the maison!!!
@kimkardashian: #nofilter heading home now
so proud of my baby @kimkardashian
my name is my name. pre-order on itunes now.
yeezus tour with kendrick on sale now.
karl shooting my 2 girls @carineroitfeld @riccardotisci @karllagerfeld
tour
i loved working on this new john legend album, love in the future, out now. @johnlegend
pusha-t: my name is my name. cover 2. oct 8th.
pusha-t: my name is my name. cover 1. oct 8th.
big sean. hall of fame. in-store today.
blood on the leaves
new big sean video - creative direction by matt williams from donda
please don't diminish the user experience by just posting it as a normal video   please link them to my site
if you put a link to my site people will be able to chop &amp; screw the video. this is a step towards the possibilities of internet based video
attention all sites just posting merely the video version of blkkk skkkn head...
blkkk skkkn head
blkkk skkkn head info
i open the debate the 2nd verse of new slaves is the best rap verse of all timemeaning of all time in the history of rap music, period
and to who ever leaked the video   fuk you!
allow me and nick to give the world what we've been losing sleep over.
so any website that may have the unapproved / unfinished ruff. i ask you to please take it down.
the final version will be ready within the next week.
me and nick knight have been working on this video for 5 months and for creatives it's heartbreaking when something like this happens.
the blkkk skkkn hd video that leaked yesterday was not the official version.
thank you jean touitou for letting me create with you
this is not another robot movie.  guillermo del toro is a master.
i saw a pre-screening of pacific rim yesterday and it's easily one of my favorite movies of all time.
one of the other gifts my girl gave me for fathers day
enter for a chance to win a pair of the red nike air yeezy 2
yeezus album now available at
new music at new projection locations @
blk skn head 2
blk skn head
new song and visual from my new album being projected tonight across the globe on 66 buildings, locations @
Jay is Kweli's favorite rapper, 50 is Eminem's favorite rapper, and I'm my favorite rapper.
Im like a vessel, and God has chosen me to be the voice and the connector.
My music isn't just music -- it's medicine.
Don't ask me what I think the best song of last year was, because my opinion is the same as most of America's. It was 'Gold Digger.'
'Everything I'm not made me everything I am.' In my humble opinion, that's a prophetic statement. Gandhi would have said something like that.
Come on now! How could you be me and want to be someone else?
When I think of competition it's like I try to create against the past. I think about Michelangelo and Picasso. You know, the pyramids.
I am so credible and so influential and so relevant that I will change things.
Im the No. 1 living and breathing rock star.
When someone comes up and says something like, I am a god, everybody says Who does he think he is? I just told you who I thought I was. A god. I just told you. Thats who I think I am.
For me to say I wasnt a genius, I would just be lying to you and to myself.
I feel like a little bit, like, Im the Braveheart of creativity.
I am Warhol! I am the number one most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
Visiting my mind is like visiting the Herms factory.
I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go ... I'm like a machine. I'm a robot.
Im going down as a legend, whether or not you like me or not. I am the new Jim Morrison. I am the new Kurt Cobain.
The Bible had 20, 30, 40, 50 characters in it. You don't think that I would be one of the characters of today's modern Bible?
My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
You can't look at a glass half full or empty if it's overflowing., Twitter,
I have, like, nuclear power, like a superhero, like Cyclops when he puts his glasses on.
Yeah. I'm rich and I'm famous, but I try not to be extra with it.
A lot of people were wondering what I was going to do if I didn't win anything. I guess we'll never know.
I'm a creative genius and there's no other way to word it.
I don't even listen to rap. My apartment is too nice to listen to rap in. 
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it?
I am God's vessel. But my greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
Nobody can tell me where I can and can't go.
I still think I am the greatest.
Man, I'm the No. 1 living and breathing rock star. I am Axl Rose; I am Jim Morrison; I am Jimi Hendrix.
I know I got angels watchin me from the other side.
I would never want a book's autograph. I am a proud non-reader of books.
I will go down as the voice of this generation, of this decade, I will be the loudest voice.
I am not a fan of books.
Sometimes people write novels and they just be so wordy and so self-absorbed.
I really appreciate the moments that I was able to win rap album of the year or whatever.
Taylor Swift beat Beyonce; at the Grammys? Beyonce be dancing in heels and shi.
I am the number one human being in music. That means any person that's living or breathing is number two.
I have to dress Kim everyday so she doesn't embarrass me.
I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go ... I'm like a machine. I'm a robot. You cannot offend a robot ... I'm going down as a legend, whether or not you like me or not. I am the new Jim Morrison. I am the new Kurt Cobain ... The Bible had 20, 30, 40, 50 characters in it. You don't think that I would be one of the characters of today's modern Bible?
I walk through the hotel and I walk down the street and people look at me like I'm fucking insane, like I'm Hitler. One day the light will shine through, and one day people will understand everything I ever did.
My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
Kim doesn't understand what a blessing I am to her.
I'm like a tree. I feed the branches of the people.
Yo Taylor, I'm really happy for you, I'mma let you finish, but Beyonce has one of the best videos of all time. One of the best videos of all time!
You may be talented, but you're not Kanye West.
The media crucify me like they did Christ.
I feel like there's still niggas that owe me checks. I feel like there;s still bitches that owe me sex.
JIMMY KIMMEL IS OUT OF LINE TO TRY AND SPOOF IN ANY WAY THE FIRST PIECE OF HONEST MEDIA IN YEARS
I been waiting for a minute
For my lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
I been living without limits
As far as my business
I'm the only one that's in control
I been feeling all I've given
For my children
I will die for those I love
God, I'm willing
To make this my mission
Give up the women
Before I lose half of what I own
I been thinking
About my vision
Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul
My soul
The layers to my soul
Revealing the layers to my soul
See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Remember that last time in Mexico
Remember that last time, the episode
Asking me why the hell I text in code
Four times that you say don't text me hoe
Told you four times, don't test me, hoe
Now we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'mma have the last laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
Yeah, I'mma have to laugh Indian
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
For all my Southside niggas that know me best
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
Why? I made that bitch famous (God damn)
I made that bitch famous
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
If you see 'em in the streets give 'em Kanye's best
Why? They mad they ain't famous (God damn)
They mad they're still nameless (Talk that talk, man)
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
But we still hood famous (God damn)
Yeah we still hood famous
I be Puerto Rican day parade floatin'
That Benz Marina Del Rey coastin'
She be Puerto Rican day parade wavin'
Last month I helped her with the car payment
Young and we alive, whoo!
We never gonna die, whoo!
I just copped a jet to fly over personal debt
Put one up in the sky
The sun is in my eyes, whoo!
Woke up and felt the vibe, whoo!
No matter how hard they try, whoo!
We never gonna die
Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous? Real friends
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
But how many honest? Trust issues
Switched up the number, I can't be bothered
I cannot blame you for havin' an angle
I ain't got no issues, I'm just doin' my thing
Hope you're doin' your thing too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up by drinkin' after communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you not the problem
Damn I forgot to call her, shit I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry? I couldn't tell you how old your daughter was
Couldn't tell you how old your son is
I got my own Jr. on the way, dawg
Plus I already got one kid
Couldn't tell you much about the fam though
I just showed up for the yams though
Maybe 15 minutes, took some pictures with your sister
Merry Christmas, then I'm finished, then it's back to business
You wanna ask some questions 'bout some real shit?
Like I ain't got enough pressure to deal with
Please don't pressure me with that bill shit
Cause everybody got 'em, that ain't children
Oh you've been nothin' but a friend to me
Niggas thinkin' I'm crazy, you defendin' me
It's funny I ain't spoke to niggas in centuries
To be honest, dawg, I ain't feelin' your energy
Money turn your kin into an enemy
Niggas ain't real as they pretend to be
How many of us? How many of us are real friends
To real friends, 'til the reel end
'Til the wheels fall off, 'til the wheels don't spin
To 3 A.M., callin'
How many real friends?
Just to ask you a question
Just to see how you was feelin'
How many?
For the last you was frontin'
I hate when a nigga text you like, "what's up, fam, hope you good"
You say, "I'm good" I'm great, the next text they ask you for somethin'
How many?
What's best for your family, immediate or extended
Any argument, the media'll extend it
I had a cousin that stole my laptop that I was fuckin' bitches on
Paid that nigga 250 thousand just to get it from him
Real friends
Huh?
Now if I fuck this model
And she just bleached her asshole
And I get bleach on my T-shirt
I'mma feel like an asshole
I was high when I met her
We was down in Tribeca
She get under your skin if you let her
She get under your skin if you-uh
I don't even want to talk about it
I don't even want to talk about it
I don't even want to say nothing
Everybody gon' say something
I'd be worried if they said nothing
Remind me where I know you from?
She looking like she owe you some
You know just what we want
I want to wake up with you in my eyes
Hey baby you forgot your Ray Bans
And my sheets still orange from your spray tan
It was more than soft porn for the K-man
She remember my Sprinter, said "I was in the grape van"
Uhm, well cutie, I like your bougie booty
Come Erykah Badu me, well, let's make a movie
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler
I show you the ropes, connect the dots
A country girl that love Hollywood
Mama used to cook red beans and rice
Now it's Denny's, 4 in the morning, spoil your appetite
Liquor pouring and niggas swarming your section with erection
Smoke in every direction, middle finger pedestrians
R&B singers and lesbians, rappers and managers
Music and iPhone cameras
This shit unanimous for you, it's damaging for you, I think
That pussy should only be holding exclusive rights to me, I mean
He flew you in this motherfucker on first class
Even went out his way so you could check in an extra bag
Now you wanna divide the yam like it equate the math?
That shit don't add up, you're making him mad as fuck
She said she came out here to find an A-list rapper
I said baby, spin that round and say the alphabet backwards
You're dealing with malpractice, don't kill a good nigga's confidence
Just cause he a nerd and you don't know what a condom is
The head still good though, the head still good though
Make me say "Nam Myoho Renge Kyo"
Make a nigga say big words and act lyrical
Make me get spiritual
Make me believe in miracles, Buddhist monks and Cap'n Crunch cereal
Lord have mercy, thou will not hurt me
Five buddies all herded up on a Thursday
Bottle service, head service, I came in first place
The opportunity, the proper top of breast and booty cheek
The pop community, I mean these bitches come with union fee
And I want two of these, moving units through consumer streets
Then my shoe released, she was kicking in gratuity
And yeah G, I was all for it
She said K Lamar, you kind of dumb to be a poet
I'mma put you on game for the lames that don't know they're a rookie
Instagram is the best way to promote some pussy
I dont mess with Matt Lauer or the Today Show  and thats a very nice way for me to put it!  I feel very alone very used very tortured very forced very misunderstood very hollow very very misused  I dont trust anyone but myself! Everyone has an agenda. I dont do press anymore. I cant be everything to everybody anymore  Everything sounds like noise!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EVERYTHING SOUNDS LIKE NOISE!!!!!!! I dont trust anyone! Very judged very scrutinized very criticized! I want everyone to know I have lows all the time but I make it through them! 
I think what Kanye West is going to mean is something similar to what Steve Jobs means. I am undoubtedly, you know, Steve of Internet, downtown, fashion, culture. Period. By a long jump. I honestly feel that because Steve has passed, you know, it's like when Biggie passed and Jay Z was allowed to become Jay Z.
People ask me a lot about my drive. I think it comes from, like, having a sexual addiction at a really young age. Look at the drive that people have to get sex  to dress like this and get a haircut and be in the club in the freezing cold at 3 A.M., the places they go to pick up a girl. If you can focus the energy into something valuable, put that into work ethic...
Humbly, I would say Im the most influential person in footwear right now Ill say, truthfully.
You mean to tell me that this girl with this fing body and this face is also into style, and she's a nice person, and she has her own money and is family-oriented? That's just as cool as a fing fighter jet or dinosaur! And just as rarely seen.
"As a man I am flawed, but my music is perfect."
Bad taste is vulgar. The world as a whole is fg ugly. And the Internet too, but Im not in the construction business.
My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
For me to say I wasnt a genius, I would just be lying to you and to myself.
I dont want to say these really big, over-the-top statements that end up getting quoted.
I am Warhol! I am the number one most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh. Walt Disney, Nike, Google."
You know, Im a creative genius and theres no other way to word it.
When I think of competition it's like I try to create against the past. I think about Michelangelo and Picasso, you know, the pyramids.
50 is Eminems favourite rapper. Im my favourite rapper.
I am the number one human being in music. That means any person thats living or breathing is number two.
Im going down as a legend, whether or not you like me or not. I am the new Jim Morrison. I am the new Kurt Cobain.
I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever.
I am so credible and so influential and so relevant that I will change things.
Sometimes people write novels and they just be so wordy and so self-absorbed. I am not a fan of books. I would never want a book's autograph. I am a proud non-reader of books.
There's no fangs. I don't have fangs. I'm a porcupine. I'm a blowfish. Like, I'm a  what's the fish that blows up? I'm a blowfish. I'm not a shark, I'm a blowfish.
The media crucify me like they did Christ.
One of my biggest Achilles heels has been my ego. And if I, Kanye West, can remove my ego, I think theres hope for everyone.
You should only believe about 90% of what I say. As a matter of fact, dont even believe anything that Im saying at all. I could be completely fg with you, and the world, the entire time.
You may be talented, but youre not Kanye West.
Im the closest that hip-hop is getting to God. In some situations Im like a ghetto Pope.
Im the No. 1 living and breathing rock star.
Im like a vessel, and God has chosen me to be the voice and the connector, 
Good to see you too sir. Thank you
I had so many interviews where Im trying to express that I can create, that I can create outside of just the music box and Im giving examples of work that I did that was really successful and Im getting just completely shut down. But not just by the company we talked about last time but every single company, every single company you could imagine is just like no, you are celebrity. You are not allowed to create, youre not allowed to think, youre not allowed to have an opinion. Youre just here to wear a red leather jacket and shut up. And its true that as a celebrity you can help to promote something quickly but no one wanted to allow me to think or be involved in the product and you know, as I told you last time I said Im a product guy I mean, every day when you go to the gym or you go to work its a challenge. You gotta work hard and you have to completely, tirelessly, countlessly remind people of your vision no matter what. So thats the way Imma word it. You know what Im saying, so we made it to a point where something extremely close, something almost to the level, something past the level of the vision finally hit the globe and Adidas was a company that was flexible enough and had been used to dealing with creatives enough to allow me to create something that was very close to my heart. You know, they original hip hop That conversation had already started before then. There was a few conversations with a few companies with a few sportswear companies and um, I remember calling Jon Wexler you know, it was a certain point where I just felt like I couldnt breathe anymore like I had all these ideas and I felt like I was literally gasping for oxygen because if anyones creative, you know like we have this idea of a mass market looking at a celebrity that owns a Lamborghini complaining about something. And anyone thats creative understands that theres no amount of money that can be given to them to make them not want to or have to create. Theres no check out and theres no cheque to stop you from creative. No pun intended when Im saying no check Just even thinking about it takes the breath out of me because I mean, as soon as we got the opportunity to actually start making things, there were so many ideas. I mean I look at over 500 images a day on my laptop. And I remember I went into the whole thing about Hypebeast, you know I said people be dissing me on Hypebeast and its like wait a second, dude, like I been fighting this battle for a long time, since like Universe City. Like no one has any idea what the meeting were like. Imma throw this one out here. I remember this one guy that worked for Francois Pinault the head of Kering Group came up in my apartment in Paris, while I was working on Yeezus and I had a meeting with him and it was related to doing a deal with Puma. And the guy, actually I forgot about the meeting right, so I had my jacket on and it was a jacket I had done with A.P.C. and I was about to leave, so he shows up at the door and we go to my dining room table and Im sitting with him, and I tell him like yo I made this jacket. And he makes some joke about, you know You did look pretty hot. Im happy to know that you put on all those clothes for me. He was leveling. He was leveling the conversation, this is what people do all the time. Like if I meet someone who I respect or I look up to, I will literally like kiss their feet. You know someone that I know thats put in a lot of work. And its a lot of agents, a lot of people who work under the main guy that will level, that will try to level you. You know when they talk to you, they talk down to you. And Im just sitting like Whoa, ok. Obviously I have to show him like hey Im working on this stuff and its coming out good and this is all I have a chance to work on. You know like when I worked with A.P.C. I only had two times to look at the collection, you know I couldnt really grab it and dig into it the way I dig into like working on All Of The Lights or something like that, its like, theres a timeline, a cut-off switch, especially when youre dealing with apparel and the way that people make apparel currently Everyone, everyone I talked to would try to level me. You know. And then there was this guy named Hermann Deininger that was the head of Adidas. And I say was because he passed away recently. And I showed him what I shot in Qatar, the Cruel Summer film, that was using 7 screens, the surround vision idea which weve never shown online because you have to experience it in its space. Its the same thing I showed Disney and Universal, and said you know this is the new frontier on the way we need to see film. And which I got all nos on that  to date. And this guy Hermann saw it, and he believed. He believed that maybe I had something more than how big my rap record was. In me he could tell, he knew, hes like this guy has something to say and to give thats past the current box that hes put in. And he made sure, Hermann and Jon Wexler made sure that Adidas deal got done. And the deal has nothing to do with the idea of the higher ups in society. The deal is all about the moment when I can bring a shoe to a kid a Foot Locker and get on my knees and take it back to when I worked at The Gap and put the shoes on his feet. That is what the deal is about. The deal is about when the star of a show is a 5 foot 3 girl, when theres never been a 5 foot 3 girl as the star of any fashion show. The deal is when the kids came to 42 locations across the world to see Yeezy Season 1 x Adidas Originals launch and the excitement that was in that theater, and when they saw that line up, they saw that brigade, they reacted to it when they heard Wolves," when they saw the boots, when they saw the runners, when they saw the matrix sweaters, when they saw all these things like hitting them back to back to back to back. This is what I fought for. None of this was about me having like a bigger house, a faster Lamborghini. It, like, it wasn't about that. It was about these kids having a moment. To be themselves. To be a stronger version, you know, of themselves. I make this stuff to empower people. I feel like there's so many things that are made to, you know, to wear the people as opposed to people wearing it. And I asked my assistant one time. I was like, "how does these clothes make you feel?" She said, "I feel powerful." And that's our, that's our main goal. As the song says, "no one man should have all that power." No one man should have it. Everyone should have it Yeah, I was still off, you know what I mean? I might have some things that are off now, but I feel like, in the same way when I came up with "All Falls Down," and I was able to differentiate myself from whoever I was trying to rap like at that point and I found my voice and my message. It's like, I felt like.. When I wrote "All Falls Down." That's when I was like, "okay, this is who I am in the.. this is what I'm, this is what I'm presenting." So now I feel like.. it's funny, I would always say, you know, "I wanna sculpt with marble." And it wasn't until I was working on Yeezus, and I was learning about furniture and the fact that I am a rich person that afforded me the opportunity to go to French flea markets and the galleries and buy, you know, like furniture that get charged, that rich people get charged a lot for. And one of the things they had was this Le Corbusier lamp, and it was made of cement, and it was this beautiful sculpture that was...it really inspired me because he made it for Zeus, so he made it for everyone. And it was made of cement. So it wasn't the material, it was the idea that was the most important. And I always wanted the resources of LVMH, but it wasn't until I started taking the sensibility of proportion and color and finishing and applying it to fleece and jersey French terry which is a cement in comparison to, you know, the type of materials that Louis Vuitton might use. That I find a message, a voice, a reason, a reason to create. You know, it was a futile argument for me to say, "hey, everyone, get behind me so I can make another $5000 jacket that you can afford." It's like insane. But now I feel people rallying because they know that I wanna fight for H&M, Zara type concept and I know that Adidas can eventually get those price points. And I want to apologize to everyone right now because I believe that Season 1 may still be in that upper price point and there's still the words "exclusivity," you know, being thrown around. "Exclusivity" is the new N-word. Not nigga, "exclusivity." Am I saying the word right? Yeah, that is the new N-word. Cause nothing should be exclusive. Everyone should have the opportunity to drink from the same fountain. The idea of exclusivity is a new colored-people fountain concept. And saying, "we're gonna overcharge sneaker culture guys to, you know, drink at the right fountain." You know, we have to reboot our mentality. Period. Of a generation. You know, it wouldn't even matter if I sold one sweatshirt. You know, as long as this interview gets done, and kids hear this and know this and or someone in position of power or someone that will be in a position of power in the future has a chance to make a difference. And they say someone who was at the lowest point grabbing at straws, express themselves freely, and overcame it through all adversary, all adversity, means that they can do the same thing. You know And I was, I was using the wrong words. My rap was wrong. You know what I'm saying? I was getting the drinks, you know, thrown in my face as opposed to leaving with the girl at the end of the night. You know, cause imagine, think about the type of shit, wild shit you say in interviews. And imagine if someone said this very thing to a girl at a bar. "Yo, what up, baby? I'm a genius!" They be like, "yo, who's this guy?" "No, I'm telling you, I sold all this, I sold this many shoes." Then she be like, "yo, chill, chill." Like, "gosh, get me out of here already." You know what I'm saying? And that's who I was and that was that frustration I had cause I'm seeing like this.. I'm looking at this girl like, "man, I know that.." Yeah, I know, I just don't know how to work it And the right way so I'm gonna stumble. I was like the 40 year old virgin of dealing with like corporations and stuff you know.. Yeah. I did not know how to communicate at all. And it's like I had my point, my message was, you know, simply like, "your egg, my semen, we change the world." You know, and I imagine that that's gonna sound wrong 
I mean, I like saying shit that sounds wrong anyway, you know, because wrong is okay, you know like.. 
We have the right to be wrong sometimes 
Yeah You know, after I did the presentation in New York I was able to get that alien out of my stomach, you know like. I was on a flight back in the morning to go shoot the "Blessings" video with Big Sean and Drake And I couldn't have been happier. To go and shoot this video with two of the hottest rappers in the game. Well, let's be respectful and truthful. The hottest rapper and one of the hottest rappers in the game. And I fall somewhere in that, you know? In that, that field. So.. 
Just working hard. On it And it's fun. And it's fun to work hard and we're being inventive and I've still got some, you know, a lot of opinions and perspectives that I think are important and very.. can be inspiring to people. That fight, and you know, The College Dropout came out of a fight to want to rap. And this new album is coming out of a fight of wanting to design. And.. I mean, it's a joyful noise onto the Lord. Like, it is still, you know, the struggle, you know, but the beauty from the struggle. You know Yea, the song Amazing Grace, you know coming out of the worst pain possible and making the most beautiful song you know, possible. You know I wanna perform Only One as many times as possible. You know could be vilified or misunderstood, and like I said I didnt come here to be liked I came here to make a difference. Im not talking about this interview, Im talking about life. Some peoples job theyre very extremely likeable and I think I could figure that out. I think Im way nicer to people just in general. Everyone I meet Im extremely nice. But as soon as people start playing games I stop. I stop playing games. And at any moment I can hit that Ye button and we can go right back to day one. People be forgetting though, they be forgetting real quick. But its all love, and great energy and positive energy. I like the, I like the differences of views and our approach to music like when Im sitting making music with Paul McCartney and I come in I have all these lists of complaints like da-da-da-da-da! and this happened and that happened and he say Yo man, its all cool though! How bout we make a song? And we just make song, after song after song after song after song after song And yea thats what we did. You know people think that our first two singles dont have drums but both of those are percussive instruments I mean I liked, I liked songs like that when I was growing up. And I mean the type of chord changes that Paul does, I dont need to understand them, and to be able to be involved with that.. 
Yea exactly. And be able to be involved with writing a song like that, its just like way next to, like meeting Paul McCartney is like meeting Ralph Lauren 
Its like whoa! 
The greatest of their field, period. Of all time Yea the whole cadence was trap. Soon as Paul starts playing, I start singing in trap Fusion is the future. Period. The mixing of ideas, the mixing of, know the two lunch tables working together, you know. Humanity period man, were one people and maybe thats like incorrect English  Im sorry mom  but you know I went to Louise Wilsons memorial, you know the greatest fashion instructor of all time. And Im talking about of all timers. Ok so Louise Wilson was the baddest professor of all time of any fashion school, ever. Notorious for not letting people stop at a 7 or a 8, pushing people to a 12. So the first time that I saw one of her students Pheobe Philo's Cline collection, I was looking at a 12. When I saw McQueens last show the Atlantis collection, I was looking at a 12. Christopher Kane's Bandage collection Im looking at a 12. Alber Elbaz Im looking at a 12. Thats the designer, the designer of Lanvin which completely revolutionized the mens sneaker, fashion sneaker industry. Last time I saw her we had dinner at Hakkasan which is my favourite restaurant in London and I think she knew that she was gonna pass and she just wanted to give me some words of advice moving forward and she was asking me about my daughter, asking me about my wife. And she said so many students, they dont give it their all. And the problem is soon as they do anything halfway good, when theyre 2 years old, 3 years old, their parents clap Exactly, thats what she said, they clap. And she just looked at me, she said Kanye, dont clap. I didnt know we were gonna lose her. You know I just um, and she told me she said, you know thank you for the times you know, when we came to performances and this has like really meant a lot to me. You know she would 
Thats never happened to me in an interview before 
Yea, Im ok, I think Im ok 
Johnny Ive who is like, in my opinion from what I know, Elon Musk included, is like the worlds greatest living designer and has the best mentality behind design. And I said from what I know because there might be other, there might be some others, there are a lot that are great but Johnny Ive's the best that I know. He said that people are so concerned at being first as opposed to being better so I think that, I think innovation almost gets too much credit, in a way. So, if we talk about this type of company, it wouldnt be a company of innovation because as Steve Stoute told me driving down the westside highway theres no money in the innovation. The moneys in the repetition, you know so.. And making something of better quality for more people. So it has to be a balance of both. Ive said this a few times but I wanna just say it right here for people who havent read it or seen but I think people think that I pander to fashion particularly. You know because, people say why fashion? Its not politics, world war its not that, its fashion, its just a jacket or something, its just a dress. But I believe that the world can only be saved through design. And I think that the fashion world has.. and when I say through design, I know its some snarky classist editor thats gonna take that and say Kanye West said that the world will be saved with a couture dress. Thats not what Im saying. The mentality behind design, you know art is to be free. Design is to fix 
No politics, just truth. Does it fucking work or not. Irrigation, you know, thats a form of design Thats exactly what we talk about. What does Kanye West and Elon Musk talk about? The fut So when I put out things that if I say hey, I want to work with Miucca Prada one day on highschool uniforms or something, I just put it out, you know. We just put it out there. Or as I told Obama last time I saw him, hey, I want, I would suggest that you sit with Elon Musk. I would suggest that both you guys go to China. I would suggest this. The, I think it may happen I got scared of the idea you know someone call you crazy so many times you start to believe it. And I almost got scared of the idea of like going crazy in some way but I wasnt going crazy, I was like the only person that wasnt crazy. You know what Im saying like, I just stand there and I just look like is anyone else here seeing what Im seeing? None of you guys are seeing what Im seeing or its just like your Maybach and your house is like that important that you wont move at all That you wont say anything at all in risk of losing something. You wont say anything on anyones behalf at this point? You know so, if you have that ability to do that, to see that, you know that Walt Disney ability in some way, you have to apply it. You have to use it. You cant be psyched out. You know, everyones on our side. I was just in my own way, but everyones on our side and everything that I ever said will happen, will happen. Just as much as you guys saw that Adidas Original Yeezys Season 1 presentation streamed to 42 locations and you saw that front row. The juxtaposition of the people in the front and second rows to where the people standing in the show had come from is the fusion and is the future. It is the glass shattering of the class system, which is the new racism. Class is the new way to discriminate against people, to hold people down, to hold people in a place based on where their kids go to school, how much money they make, what they drive, where they live and what type of clothes they have and how much, you know, how much they have in their account for their retirement. To somehow say that this person right here means more than this person. Like I know I tweeted Black Lives Matter but all lives matter. Like, my doorman is more important to me than any head of any company. He keeps us safe. My driver, keeps us safe and goes to work every day. The guy painting the windows at the house when we changed them from white to chocolate brown, you know what the architect suggested, he is just as important as anyone else that walks in that house and grabs a glass of champagne. Its no more of this separation of what you came from, your race, financial background, education, talent level, beauty. Whatever it is that people use to separate people And Im not saying I have answers, Im just saying these are my current opinions. As I gave my current opinions a year ago, this is my current opinions now Oh, oh wow Yea, I never said that hes not an artist I think yea I misconstrued it but I think that everybody has a right to an opinion, everyone has a right to be wrong. You know, there could be a lot of people who feel Marshawn Lynch shoulda been handed the ball. But theres a bunch of Patriots fans that are happy he didnt get the ball. And everyone has a right to their opinion. You know, and I expressed my opinion, and Ill take the weight of it Naw you know as I said on the Charlamagne interview when I was ironically having dinner with Taylor Swift, the Beck song starts playing and I was like this is really good maybe I mightve been wrong! You know like, and uh.. And I hadnt been in like 6 years. And the Grammys are definitely like an ex-girlfriend. Soon as you get in a car with them, you wanna go right back home Yes, I am. 100%. Im a human being. Im super hypocritical. I can feel something one time and completely a different way another time. I do it in the design office. I do it in the studio. Im super hypo- I really love this, I do it when I get dressed. I love this (tsk, tsk) I hate this! 3 minutes. 2 minutes. Bars Sometimes 5 minutes, sometimes longer. I mean shes a woman Oh, Im practicing really hard. I try as many times a day as I can. Nori this one is for you! You need a sibling! You win some games and you lose some Yea, you win or you learn. Bam, theres a jewel, Ill take that one with me I dont believe Im supposed to confirm or not confirm Yea, and I been doing a few performances since doing the SNL performance, did a couple performances out here and of course gonna do the Brits. Ive been really liking these performances. I feel like these are like the performance version of that you know Drake, you know of the 6 God album, of the you know If youre Reading This Its Too Late. I feel like Im a visual extension of what hes doing like sonically You know that shit is good yo! I mean yea, that element is great. Theres a lot of people that cant rap that can do that. But the main thing is that fact that hes delivering you know a level of product  as I said last interview, Im a product guy  and hes delivering a level of product to humanity that is of high quality. It works. 80% of the time works all the time! Haha, but it works. It works. You know what Im saying. And you have to.. it works. Thats it. And I was just thinking like, I dont have any advice for this young man, but what I can say is run. Fly. Go as fast as you can. Dont stop. And you know any time I can be of any service, advice, you know a beat, verse, you know whatever you need. You need some confidential design advice with the shoes you doing over at the other company, Im not supposed to say that! You know anything that we can collectively do to deliver more awesomeness to the world as a team. You know, not just me and him. Us all Got some vibes? Bars?
More bars! 

Ill take one question. I wanted to vibe off an idea, and then I can riff off of thatthey said Ive got 20 minutes or so, I might go longer.

OK, everyone please be completely quiet, because I can literally hear a whisper, and itll throw off my stream of consciousness, and when I get my stream of consciousness going thats when I give the best, illest quotes. Literally, a whisper can throw it off.

Today was the first time I realised, If I could have done it again I would have gone to the Art Institute over the American Academy of Art, I would have researched where I could have got the best and the strongest education.

And Im sure this will end up online, so I dont want to diss anyone at the American Academy, Im sure its equal to the Art Institute of Chicago by now, but at the time I was going I would look around at the work of the class and not feel inspired by the teachers, and I kinda, the idea of being a fine artist, thats a really difficult profession to get into, to be respected in, to make money at.  Maybe the goal for some of the people was just to work at an advertising agency or at a record label.

My goal, if I was going to do art, fine art, would have been to become Picasso or greater.

That always sounds so funny to people, comparing yourself to someone in the past that has done so much, and in your life youre not even allowed to think that you can do as much. Thats a mentality that suppresses humanity.

Some of you here probably remember the night when the Donda tweets came through me and I started talking about professions that you guys are going into, that seemed they had nothing to do with a rapper. I was talking about a band of thinkers that could remove religion, race, gender, and somehow come together to find solutions for a broken planet.

We have the resources as a civilisation to find a utopia, but were led by the most greedy and the least noble.

What I notice about creatives is that, and one of the reasons why I get into trouble, is, not only do I want to design video games, or make music, or ride bikes, I think one of the most important things to my ability to create so much in the past 30 years is my desire to play sports. I approach creativity like a sport, where if I have a drawing I react just like a jock: LOOK AT THE FUCKING DRAWING RIGHT THERE YEAH!

Were all creatives here, were all born artists. Some people are artists of business, some people are artists of composition.

We were taught to hide our black fingernail polish and put our head down in the back of the class and not notice out of fear that someone might laugh at one of our ideas  that our idea could become a mockery or a failure in some way.

Theres a Bible saying, No weapon formed against me shall prosper. Recently Ive been doing interviews and Ive had to go back to this verse because I dont think theres a living celebrity with more weapons formed against them, but I also dont think theres one more prosperous. So what weapons have prospered? The smoke and mirrors of other opinions.

I was sitting with Steve McQueen, he shot the visuals for All Day 2 days ago, its completely different to the Brit awards.

So it doesnt get taken out of context, Im going to use the word like. Im not saying it is, Im using it as a comparison. So people that want to say Kanye goes to Oxford and tells everyone blah blah blah. And Im not telling you this. Im telling you what I told Steve McQueen in private.

What I said was The Matrix is like the Bible of the post-information age.

I compared it like, when the hundred guys come at Neo, those are opinions, thats perception, thats tradition. Attacking people from every which angle possible. If you have a focus wide and master senseis like Laurence Fishburne and you have a squad behind you, you literally can put the world in slow motion.

Its still February, right? (security guard shakes his head, everyone laughs).

By the way, I dont know the days of the week. I just go to exactly when my appointment is.

Wed just look at each other and say, its still February. For the sheer mount of work that we were able to put into the world. Some of the stuff had been worked on for years coming, months coming. But nonetheless they came back to back to back to back. Answering every crazy interview question, blocking every shot, catching every rebound. Aside from the right I dont have to give my opinion publicly about artists, I probably would have been batting 2000. I know thats incorrect also.

This humanity that I talk about, this civilisation that I talk about, this future utopia I talk aboutit can only happen through collaboration.

I love Steve Jobs, hes my favourite person, but theres one thing that disappoints me. When Steve passed he didnt give the ideas up. Thats kinda selfish. You know that Elons like yeah, take these ideas. Maybe there are companies outside of Apple that could work on them and push humanity forward. Maybe the stock brokers wont like that, the stock holders wouldnt like that idea, but ideas are free and you cant be selfish with them.

I think that progression of mind with the advent of a human being named Drake (laughs, smirks, crowd laughs) you know, this idea of holding onto a number 1 spot. And then you get this guy that comes and blows out the water every number 1 of any band ever. Be it me, or Paul McCartney [laughs].

I understand that Im a servant. And with my voice, with my ability to build relationships with amazing people, speak to amazing people. Call Elon Musk out of the blue, or call Obama out of the bluehe calls the home phone, by the way.

With that, I have a responsibility to serve. Why do I say the Matrix is like the Bible? What is my definition of the Matrix? [he never answered this].

I work with an artist called Vanessa Beecroft, and she bought my daughter some toys.

Id see toys that some people would buy for my daughter and Id say this toy isnt quality. I dont want my daughter playing with this. Theres not enough love put into this, this is just manufactured with the will to sell, and not the will of inspiration.

Vanessa is very focused, shes like my eyes, shes a piece of my brain. She bought my daughter these three wolves, knowing the whole collection, that itd play with the song Wolves, and based on this concept. And when my daughter saw these wolves, Ive never seen her so happy. She was going so crazy, she was grabbing one, she was riding on top of oneIve never seen her happier than this moment. That level of happiness seems to be the thing that were fighting for every day, that were trying to buy back, trying to work for, especially in America.

In America people really do wear $3000 shirts. For real. Here and in Stockholm people will be like oh dude, its a $3000 shirt.

Im assuming Im probably wearing a $2000 shirt but I got it for free from the designer so.

Weve been sold a concept of joy through advertising, through car advertising, through fashion branding. Its not the concept of time, time with your family, time with your friends, the little time that we do have on earth and what we do with that. It was somehow sold to us through a Gucci bag or something.

Time is the only luxury. Its the only thing you cant get back. If you lose your luggage  Im not gonna say the obvious brand of luggage that Id normally say because Ive got a meeting with them soon  if you lose your expensive luggage at the airport, you can get that back. You cant get the time back.

It feels like people do everything in life to get this BMW, this Benz, to get this townhome, to get 2.5 kids exactly. One of them has to be small, yknow!

And youre looking for this moment where you sit in your BMW after all the work youve done and all the accolades you get, and you somehow think youre gonna get that level of joy that my daughter had when she received those wolves. And when youre sitting in traffic in your BMW, its something that feels empty. To everyone who reaches that point. This concept of the selfish human, this idea of separation by race, or gender, or religion, or age, or my favourite thing to hate, class.

People say it takes a village to raise a child. People ask me how my daughter is doing. Shes only doing good if your daughters doing good. Were all one family.

We have the ability to approach our race like ants, or we have the ability to approach our race like crabs.

This is a generation that is far less racist  yes, small remnants remain of even thinking of calling something of a racial slur.

White people that listen to rap say niggerin the privacy of their own home.

That idea [racism], has passed. Weve had The Cosby Show, Obamas president, Beyonces greatthats passed. But theres still something youre taught every day, especially in the UK, and thats division by class. Our main focus, in my opinionImagine a world with no war, and imagine if everyones main focus, more so than going out to a club, their main focus was to help someone else.

I was joking with an interviewer earlier todaypeople talk about the number of viewers the Brits get, or the number of viewers the Grammys get. They need to do award shows for the Nobel Peace Prize, but I guess that doesnt sell as many MasterCard commercials. Oh, I mentioned a brand! [looks disappointed]I had two thingsI was trying to get a flawless victory on my speech! No offence to MasterCardbut that was a big fucking logo in the middle!

You guys have been taught, without you knowing, ways to separate yourselves from each other. If youre separated, you can be easily controlled. If youre too busy pointing fingers at each other, rather than holding hands, you cant get anything done.

You know, Chris Rock called my album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasywell, Chris Rock and everyone else at every single media publication called My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy the best album of the last 25 years. This only came through collaboration.

One of the most memorable things about MBDTF was Nicki Minaj, and the fact that she kicked my ass, on my own song, on one of the best albumsthe best album  Im just saying what the critics said  of the last 25 years. The best album of the past 25 years that I spent a year and a half making, out there. I was exiled from my country, it was a personal exile, but exile. To come back and deliver my magnum opus of a work, and to be outshinedto be beat by a girl, basically.

This was necessary. I think it was one of the most important points of working on that album, was to not stop her from her moment because of how good she is. Just think of a comparison, if you think about why did it take so long for the new Yeezys to come out? Why did I have to leave one group and go to another group? Why did that group not want to speak to me? I think the Yeezys I was doing over there were comparable to that Nicki Minaj verse. Because these guys were like were worrying about this shoe, were gonna put it on this celebrity. And the heads son would come and say my favourite shoe is the Yeezy. And its like ahhh, I cant hear about these YEEZYS anymore!. Like everyone talking about Nickis verse, I cant hear about this verse anymore!. It was gonna work for her anyway, but lets just say that in some way in helped give her exposure. She was able to go on and become a successful, and fly, and run, and dream, and provide. And it was not locked because of my career.

One of my biggest Achilles heels has been my ego. And if I, Kanye West, the very person, can remove my ego, I think theres hope for everyone.

When I talk about collaboration and the creative process, the best idea wins.

Im proud of the consistency of the performances Ive done since Ive been out here. And it comes from four would-be egomaniacs coming out and being forced to work together. The best lighting guy on the planet, the best staging guy, the best video guy, another staging guy, a guy with a laptop for no reasonTo be able to deliver, back to back to back, extremely successful, inspiring, groundbreaking, visual, visceral, creative moments that otherwise would have been challenged. And the kid from Chicago screaming from the top of the stage for 40 minutes in a row. Ive had to pull that card out a few times. Not particularly screaming, but remember, I will scream.

My momma taught me that if I was in a grocery store and Im by myself and a stranger grabbed my hand, scream at the top of your fucking lungs. If Im at an awards show and a stranger grabs my hand and they say so were going to use these moving lights, or were gonna play the music right now before we define the look, or were gonna cut the TV cameras in a traditional way. Ill scream at the top of my fucking lungs.

People say I have a bad reputation. I think Ive got the best reputation in the building. They want you to have a reputation of tucking your black nail polish into your pockets and sitting in the corner of the class, and not fighting for your ideas out of fear of being ridiculed.

Thats one of my favourite onesto be called crazy.

I remember when I was young and saw my dad working on computers. And the guy he was working with ended up being a bad guy. And the guys that helped him, that he had the voice to find, didnt have the same motivation, a high enough skill set to match up to his vision, to his dream, for it to be considered to be a success. But the success is that his successor will be successful in his lifetime. You could say but you are successful. Im successful in learning about the beauty that is afforded rich people. But in learning that, being brought up, middle class, its something that is beating out of my chest. Wait a second, I was middle class, and I didnt get to see none of this shit!.

Lets have an NBC telethon moment, and say that beauty has been stolen from the people and is being sold back to them under the concept of luxury!

Its illegal to not wear clothes, and also possibly too cold. That means someone is imposing an idea on you that should legally have to do! Clothing should be like food. There should never be a $5000 sweater. You know what should cost $5000? A car should be $5000. And you know who should work on the car? The people that work on the $500,000 cars. All the best talent in the world needs to work for the people. And I am so fucking serious about this concept that I will stand in front of anyone and fight for it. Because I was 14 and middle class. I know what it felt like to not get what I have.

People say to me youre successful, what are you crying about?. Im crying about the people. Im crying about their daughters. Our daughters, as one family. What good is it. What good is anything that everyone cant have. Every ism. They think were done with racism. What about elitism, what about separatism, what about classism? Thats all.

Bro. Bro! Listen to the kids. First of all, thank you, Taylor, for being so gracious and giving me this award this evening.

And I often think back to the first day I met you also. You know I think about when Im in the grocery store with my daughter and I have a really great conversation about fresh juice and at the end they say, Oh, youre not that bad after all! And like I think about it sometimes.  It crosses my mind a little bit like when I go to a baseball game and 60,000 people boo me. Crosses my mind a little bit.

And I think if I had to do it all over again what would I have done? Would I have worn a leather shirt? Would I have drank half a bottle of Hennessy and gave the rest of it to the audience? Yall know yall drank that bottle too! If I had a daughter at that time would I have went on stage and grabbed the mic from someone elses? You know, this arena tomorrow its gonna be a completely different setup. Some concert, something like that. The stage will be gone. After that night, the stage was gone, but the effect that it had on people remained.

The  The problem was the contradiction. The contradiction is I do fight for artists, but in that fight I somehow was disrespectful to artists. I didnt know how to say the right thing, the perfect thing. I just  I sat at the Grammys and saw Justin Timberlake and Cee-Lo lose. Gnarls Barkley and the FutureLove  SexyBack album  and Justin, I aint trying to put you on blast, but I saw that man in tears, bro. You know, and I was thinking, like, He deserved to win Album of the Year!'

And this small box that we are as the entertainers of the evening  How could you explain that? Sometimes I feel like all this st they run about beef and all that? Sometimes I feel like I died for the artists opinion. For artists to be able to have an opinion after they were successful. Im not no politician, bro!

Look at that. You know how many times MTV ran that footage again? Cause it got them more ratings? You know how many times they announced Taylor was going to give me the award cause it got them more ratings? Listen to the kids, bro! I still dont understand awards shows. I dont understand how they get five people who worked their entire life  sold records, sold concert tickets to come stand on the carpet and for the first time in they life be judged on the chopping block and have the opportunity to be considered a loser! I dont understand it, bruh!

I dont understand when the biggest album, or the biggest video  Ive been conflicted, bro. I just wanted people to like me more. But fk that, bro! 2015! I will die for the art! For what I believe in. And the art aint always gonna be polite! Yall might be thinking right now, Did he smoke something before he came out here? The answer is yes, I rolled up a little something. I knocked the edge off!

I dont know whats gonna happen tonight, I dont know whats gonna happen tomorrow, bro. But all I can say to my artists, to my fellow artists: Just worry how you feel at the time, man. Just worry about how you feel and dont NEVER  you know what Im saying? Im confident. I believe in myself. We the snake people, bro. This is a new mentality. Were not gonna control our kids with brands. We not gonna teach low self-esteem and hate to our kids. We gonna teach our kids that they can be something. We gonna teach our kids that they can stand up for theyself! We gonna teach our kids to believe in themselves!

If my grandfather was here right now he would not let me back down! I dont know Im fittin to lose after this. It dont matter though, cuz it aint about me. Its about ideas, bro. New ideas. People with ideas. People who believe in truth. And yes, as you probably could have guessed by this moment, I have decided in 2020 to run for president.
